Create mTLS support (#183)
temporalio/web: README.md

Set these environment variables if you need to change their defaults

| Variable                              | Description                                                       | Default        |
| ------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------- |
| TEMPORAL_GRPC_ENDPOINT                | String representing server gRPC endpoint                          | 127.0.0.1:7233 |
| TEMPORAL_WEB_PORT                     | HTTP port to serve on                                             | 8088           |

> | TEMPORAL_TLS_CA_PATH                  | certificate authority (CA) certificate for the validation server  |                |

Reviewer: "validation server" - > "validation of server"

| TEMPORAL_TLS_KEY_PATH                 | private key for secure communication with the server              |                |
| TEMPORAL_TLS_CERT_PATH                | certificate for the server to validate the client (web) identity  |                |

> | TEMPORAL_TLS_ENABLE_HOST_VERIFICATION | enablesverification of the server certificate                     |                |

Reviewer: "enablesverification" -> "enables verification"

> | TEMPORAL_TLS_SERVER_NAME              | target server that is used for TLS host verification              |                |

Reviewer: Nit: capitalize all new descriptions

Set these environment variables if you need to change their defaults

> | Variable                              | Description                                                       | Default                       |
> | ------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------- |
> | TEMPORAL_GRPC_ENDPOINT                | String representing server gRPC endpoint                          | 127.0.0.1:7233                |
> | TEMPORAL_WEB_PORT                     | HTTP port to serve on                                             | 8088                          |
> | TEMPORAL_PERMIT_WRITE_API             | Boolean to permit write API methods such as Terminating Workflows | true                          |
> | TEMPORAL_HOT_RELOAD_PORT              | HTTP port used by hot reloading in development                    | 8081                          |
> | TEMPORAL_HOT_RELOAD_TEST_PORT         | HTTP port used by hot reloading in tests                          | 8082                          |
> | TEMPORAL_SESSION_SECRET               | Secret used to hash the session with HMAC                         | "ensure secret in production" |
> | TEMPORAL_TLS_CA_PATH                  | Certificate authority (CA) certificate for the validation of server |                |
> | TEMPORAL_TLS_KEY_PATH                 | Private key for secure communication with the server                |                |
> | TEMPORAL_TLS_CERT_PATH                | Certificate for the server to validate the client (web) identity    |                |
> | TEMPORAL_TLS_ENABLE_HOST_VERIFICATION | Enables verification of the server certificate                      |                |
> | TEMPORAL_TLS_SERVER_NAME              | Target server that is used for TLS host verification                |                |
> | TEMPORAL_EXTERNAL_SCRIPTS             | Addtional JavaScript tags to serve in the UI                      |                               |
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

| Variable                              | Description                                                       | Default                       |
| ------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------- |
| TEMPORAL_GRPC_ENDPOINT                | String representing server gRPC endpoint                          | 127.0.0.1:7233                |
| TEMPORAL_WEB_PORT                     | HTTP port to serve on                                             | 8088                          |
| TEMPORAL_PERMIT_WRITE_API             | Boolean to permit write API methods such as Terminating Workflows | true                          |
| TEMPORAL_HOT_RELOAD_PORT              | HTTP port used by hot reloading in development                    | 8081                          |
| TEMPORAL_HOT_RELOAD_TEST_PORT         | HTTP port used by hot reloading in tests                          | 8082                          |
| TEMPORAL_SESSION_SECRET               | Secret used to hash the session with HMAC                         | "ensure secret in production" |
| TEMPORAL_EXTERNAL_SCRIPTS             | Additional JavaScript tags to serve in the UI                      |                               |

<details>
<summary>
Optional TLS configuration variables:
</summary>

| Variable                              | Description                                                       | Default                       |
| ------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------- |
| TEMPORAL_TLS_CA_PATH                  | Certificate authority (CA) certificate for the validation of server |                |
| TEMPORAL_TLS_KEY_PATH                 | Private key for secure communication with the server                |                |
| TEMPORAL_TLS_CERT_PATH                | Certificate for the server to validate the client (web) identity    |                |
| TEMPORAL_TLS_ENABLE_HOST_VERIFICATION | Enables verification of the server certificate                      |                |
| TEMPORAL_TLS_SERVER_NAME              | Target server that is used for TLS host verification                |                |

To enable TLS, you need to specify `TEMPORAL_TLS_CA_PATH`, `TEMPORAL_TLS_KEY_PATH`, and `TEMPORAL_TLS_CERT_PATH`. You can also opt to have your hostname verified, by setting `TEMPORAL_TLS_ENABLE_HOST_VERIFICATION` to `true` and then specifying `TEMPORAL_TLS_SERVER_NAME`. 

</details>

```

| TEMPORAL_SESSION_SECRET       | Secret used to hash the session with HMAC                         | "ensure secret in production" |
| TEMPORAL_EXTERNAL_SCRIPTS     | Additional JavaScript tags to serve in the UI                     |                               |

<details>
<summary>
Optional TLS configuration variables:
</summary>

| Variable                              | Description                                                         | Default |
| ------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| TEMPORAL_TLS_CA_PATH                  | Certificate authority (CA) certificate for the validation of server |         |
| TEMPORAL_TLS_KEY_PATH                 | Private key for secure communication with the server                |         |
| TEMPORAL_TLS_CERT_PATH                | Certificate for the server to validate the client (web) identity    |         |
| TEMPORAL_TLS_ENABLE_HOST_VERIFICATION | Enables verification of the server certificate                      | true    |
| TEMPORAL_TLS_SERVER_NAME              | Target server that is used for TLS host verification                |         |

> To enable TLS, you need to specify `TEMPORAL_TLS_CA_PATH`, `TEMPORAL_TLS_KEY_PATH`, and `TEMPORAL_TLS_CERT_PATH`. You can also opt to have your hostname verified, by setting `TEMPORAL_TLS_ENABLE_HOST_VERIFICATION` to `true` and then specifying `TEMPORAL_TLS_SERVER_NAME`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable TLS, you need to specify `TEMPORAL_TLS_CA_PATH`, `TEMPORAL_TLS_KEY_PATH`, and `TEMPORAL_TLS_CERT_PATH`. 

By default we will also verify your server `hostname`, matching it to `TEMPORAL_TLS_SERVER_NAME`. You can turn this off by setting `TEMPORAL_TLS_ENABLE_HOST_VERIFICATION` to `false`.
```

| ----------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------- |
| TEMPORAL_GRPC_ENDPOINT        | String representing server gRPC endpoint                          | 127.0.0.1:7233 |
| TEMPORAL_WEB_PORT             | HTTP port to serve on                                             | 8088           |

> | TEMPORAL_CA_FILE              | TLS certificate for secure connection to temporal server          |                |

Reviewer: CA cert is only to validate frontends cert in case it is issues by a non-public CA. Also need to set server name to be validated against the frontend's cert (and enable host name verification).
For mTLS also need to provide a cert and a private key for the web server.

Author: updated the pr. Also checking the part of verification with the server name

| ----------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------- |
| TEMPORAL_GRPC_ENDPOINT        | String representing server gRPC endpoint                          | 127.0.0.1:7233 |
| TEMPORAL_WEB_PORT             | HTTP port to serve on                                             | 8088           |

> | TEMPORAL_MLTS_ROOT            | mTLS root CA file                                                 |                |

Reviewer 3: Is it possible to have the same naming as temporal?

Author: yes, updated
